addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t001,POLAND to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t001,POLAND to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t002,GREECE to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t003,RUSSIA to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t004,CZECHREPUBLIC to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t005,NETHERLANDS to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t006,DENMARK to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t007,GERMANY to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t008,PORTUGAL to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t009,SPAIN to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t010,ITALY to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t011,IRELAND to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t012,CROATIA to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t013,UKRAINE to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t014,SWEDEN to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t015,FRANCE to jEuroTournament
addTeam returns:
	Successfully added team t016,ENGLAND to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m001 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m001 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m002 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m003 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m004 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m005 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m006 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m007 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m008 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m009 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m010 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m011 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m012 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m013 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m014 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m015 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m016 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m017 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m018 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m019 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m020 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m021 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m022 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m023 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m024 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m025 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m026 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m027 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m028 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m029 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m030 to jEuroTournament
addMatch returns:
	Failed to add new match m031 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pHR01 , 1 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pHR01 , 1 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pHR02 , 6 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pHR03 , 2 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pHR04 , 3 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pHR05 , 4 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pHR06 , 8 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pHR07 , 10 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pHR08 , 14 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pHR09 , 9 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pHR10 , 17 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pHR11 , 22 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pCZ01 , 1 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pCZ02 , 16 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pCZ03 , 3 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pCZ04 , 22 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pCZ05 , 5 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pCZ06 , 6 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pCZ07 , 14 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pCZ08 , 17 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pCZ09 , 7 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pCZ10 , 15 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pCZ11 , 20 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pUK01 , 1 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pUK02 , 2 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pUK03 , 3 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pUK04 , 20 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pUK05 , 21 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pUK06 , 4 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pUK07 , 6 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pUK08 , 11 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pUK09 , 10 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pUK10 , 7 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pUK11 , 22 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pPO01 , 1 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pPO02 , 2 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pPO03 , 3 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pPO04 , 4 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pPO05 , 15 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pPO06 , 7 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pPO07 , 10 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pPO08 , 11 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns:
	Successfully added Player pPO09 , 23 to jEuroTournament
addPlayer returns: invalid input pId , pPO10
addPlayer returns: invalid input pId , pPO11
addPlayer returns:
	Failed adding Player pFR01 , 1 to jEuroTournament
